where did you go where did
I block you?
But you in Kaliningrad, it’s almost
Europe, yes, but Russia,
but how do you think I’m interested, I
always meet people who
live in Kaliningrad, so I’m not
interested. Here’s how you rate Where
people live better in Kaliningrad or nearby in
Germany
in Kaliningrad in Kaliningrad  the best
people live,
for example, the Germans go to work there for you
yes yes But how much the salary in
Kaliningrad is higher than the salary in
Germany
, we have 150 thousand per month
in what currency
in rubles 150 thousand rubles is in dollars
how much euro
dollar euro fell pennies now in general
well  look That is, it turns out you
say that in Germany the salary is
less than in Kaliningrad one hundred percent
And I'm talking about something
I didn’t see something in the news that a bunch of
Germans entered Kaliningrad to work,
storm your border to
break through there, they illegally go to work
in Kaliningrad,
they don’t let him go there, so I didn’t
understand. I just saw more photos of
these. What hospitals in Germany  What in
Kaliningrad so then in Kaliningrad was
filed in the hospital
[music]